¬¬ADVANCING FLOOD MODELLING IN STEEP SLOPE REGIONS USING HIGH-RESOLUTION DTMS DERIVED FROM SATELLITE IMAGERY
Maulana Ibrahim RAU1, Natsu MIURA2, Daisuke NOHARA3, Atriyon JULZARIKA4, Tsuyoshi YAMAGUCHI5, Yoriyuki YAMADA6, Natsuki YOSHIKAWA7
1,2,3,5,6 Sustainable Society Laboratory, Kajima Technical Research Institute, Japan
email: rau@kajima.com
email: miurana@kajima.com 
email: noharad@kajima.com 
email: yamtsuyo@kajima.com 
email: yoriyuki@kajima.com
4 Research Organization for Earth and Maritime, National Research and Innovation Agency (BRIN), Indonesia
email: atriyon.julzarika@brin.go.id
7 Institute of Science and Technology, Niigata University, Japan
email: natsuky@agr.niigata-u.ac.jp
ABSTRACT
High-resolution Digital Terrain Models (DTMs) are crucial for flood modeling, particularly in accurately representing small channels in steep-slope terrains. This study focuses on assessing the capability of remote-sensing-based DTMs (RS-DTMs) to reproduce channel bathymetry and evaluate their applicability in flood analysis within steep topographic regions. XXXX.
Keywords: DTM, satellite imageries, flood analysis, steep-slope regions, LiDAR.

1.	Introduction
Flooding is a natural disaster that affects all populated continents and is commonly regarded as the most prevalent, widespread, and destructive disaster to have impacted human communities. While floods have the tendency to cause loss of life and property, they are also part of the natural hydrological cycle with ecological and positive effects on society, especially in regions suffering from extended drought (Junk et al, 1989; Poff et al, 1997). In fact, frequent flooding is vital in maintaining the ecological balance of riverine and coastal wetland ecosystems. With time, human societies have attempted to better understand, analyze, and forecast flood events and effects. To facilitate this, flood inundation models have been extensively constructed and applied (Teng et al, 2017). Over the past decades, since the 1970s, scientific advancements have been made with large leaps in improving the efficiency of flood inundation models that are now applied extensively to map flood risk (Mudashiru et al, 2021; Apel et al., 2006; Dutta et al., 2006), infrastructure damage evaluation (Anisha et al, 2023; Merz et al., 2010; Rau et al, 2021; Varra et al, 2025), real-time forecasting of floods (Ming et al, 2020; Arduino et al., 2005), floodplain ecology (Karim et al., 2015), hydrology based on climate change scenarios (Barnard et al, 2019; Mishra et al, 2024; Ikhwali et al, 2022), catchment hydrology (Abbott et al., 1986; Beven, 1989; Whitaker et al, 2003), and machine learning (Kabir et al, 2020; Karim et al, 2023; Rau et al, 2025; Nevo et al, 2022). 
Despite this, flood modeling in rural, mountainous, or steep-slope terrain is difficult due to the complex terrain and microtopography that govern surface runoff processes (Godara et al, 2023; Wang et al, 2025; Pavlíček and Bruland, 2019). Steep cropland, and terrace rice fields specifically, plays a crucial role in regulating runoff and mitigating flood risk through its function as distributed retention and conveyance systems (Nohara and Yamada, 2022; Chen et al, 2017). However, accurately modeling hydrological processes in these landscapes requires detailed representation of the topographic features, especially the numerous small channels that regulate flow within the areas.
While traditional flood models rely on simplifying assumptions of channel geometry (Neal et al, 2015), which may be derived from empirical relationships (Chang et al, 2024) of channel width, depth, and contributing area, such assumptions are inadequate for capturing the flow dynamics of steep landscapes. Overgeneralization of channel properties may lead to underestimation of flood peak timing, extent, and localized inundation, and these characteristics are significant to the effects on flood frequency, inundation, and magnitudes (Knight and Demetriou, 1983; Knox, 1993; Magilligan et al, 1992). Therefore, acquiring precise elevation and channel geometry data is essential to develop physically based flood models for such systems.
Digital Elevation Models (DEMs) and Digital Terrain Models (DTMs) are fundamental datasets for flood modeling. Open-access DEMs such as SRTM (Zyl, 2001), ASTER GDEM (Yamaguchi et al, 1998), and ALOS PALSAR (Kimura and Ito, 2000) are easily accessible but have low resolutions that limit their application in complex, steep terrains. High-resolution elevation data from LiDAR (Lefsky et al, 2002) or ground surveys offer the required accuracy (Kumar et al, 2023), but are typically infeasible due to their exorbitant cost and logistical constraints, particularly over large and inaccessible rural landscapes.
Remote sensing-based DTMs (RS-DTMs), derived from satellite data, provide a hopeful way to fill this understanding gap. They have the potential to deliver extensive area coverage and high-resolution terrain modeling with significantly reduced fieldwork input. The effectiveness of RS-DTMs has already been demonstrated in current studies on lowland flood modeling (Rau et al., 2024). Their potential to capture small-scale hydrological details, i.e., narrow irrigation and drainage ditches in sloping cropland, remains almost unexplored territory.
The study aimed to verify the applicability of high-resolution RS-DTMs to flood simulation in steep-slope farmland on the basis of their ability to capture fine-scale channel geometry and hydrologic characteristics. A comparison among RS-DTMs, publicly available LiDAR data from the Geospatial Information Authority of Japan (GSI) (GSI, 2020), and accurate surveyed UAV-based LiDAR data, which serves as a reference, is conducted. By focusing on the representation of channel cross-sectional profiles and their implications for surface runoff simulation, this research seeks to advance the use of satellite-derived terrain data toward more robust and scalable flood modeling in complex mountainous topography.
2.	Materials and Methods
In this study, WorldView-2 with 50 cm spatial resolution were utilized to generate high-resolution Digital Terrain Models (DTMs) and assess their accuracy in flood analysis. The resulted DTMs were then compared to the ground truth data taken on-site using UAV-based LiDAR measurement and the Geospatial Information Authority of Japan (GSI)’s LiDAR DTM; spatial analyses were done in QGIS Desktop 3.34.11, and flood modeling was conducted with a flood inundation model developed by Yoshikawa et al. (2011).
2.1.	Study Sites
The research was conducted in a 141.24 hectares farm area of Tokamachi City, located in Niigata Prefecture, Japan (Photo 1). This location is characterized by numerous paddy fields spread across undulating terrain, with the majority consisting of steep terrace paddy fields that require careful management. Agricultural activities are well preserved and organized in the region, as farmers have taken good care of and maintained the terraces and irrigation which help to optimally distribute water for sustainable agriculture.
    
Photo 1. (a) Sangamura Area, Tokamachi City, Niigata Prefecture, Japan, and (b) small channels within the area
2.2.	Data Sets
There were several datasets utilized for this study, i.e. satellite imageries, High-resolution satellite imagery from WorldView-2 (50 cm) was utilized to construct the DTMs. The acquisition date for the imagery was on 2nd June 2022. 

The performances of the satellite imagery-based DTMs were evaluated not only over steep-slope topography but also for the channels. The ground truth data was obtained from UAV surveys with LiDAR over the terrain and the channels. 
2.3.	RS-DTM Establishment
For the establishment of DTM, method developed by Julzarika A (2021) was used. In this study, we aimed to generate a high-resolution terrain model with remote sensing techniques from satellite imagery. We accomplished this by mosaicking satellite data to develop an initial digital terrain model (DTM), which was subsequently refined with up-to-date vertical deformation information (Julzarika, 2021) (Fig. 2-7). The initial DTM served as the initial guide in producing the remote-sensing-based DTM. The process began with the generation of a digital surface model (DSM), customized according to the provided input data type—e.g., satellite imagery, unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) data, aerial photographs, synthetic aperture radar (SAR) (Rucci et al., 2012), stereo images, interferometry, LiDAR, videogrammetry, terrestrial surveys, or other sensor-based mapping data. Therefore, the accuracy and precision of the DSM were always undermined by the quality of these input sources (Julzarika & Harintaka, 2019). 
We generated DTM mainly from WorldView-2 image, acquired on 2nd June 2022. Also, vertical deformation data was derived from synthetic aperture radar (SAR) images using Modified Differential Interferometric SAR (D-InSAR) method (Massonnet and Feigl, 1998; Zebker and Goldstein, 1986) between the period of 9th June 2022 and 25th November 2024, in which indicates the uplift or subsidence. These outcomes from D-InSAR portray the vertical displacement along the line of sight (LoS). In order to obtain accurate vertical deformation, the LoS measurements were also corrected, converting them into true vertical deformation (Suhadha et al., 2022), which is the final output of the RS-DTM. 
As part of the topographic modeling process, we incorporated reference points—those derived from LiDAR data registered in the local coordinate system (JGD2011). This ensured that the modeled topographic surface aligns exactly with the LiDAR-based ground truth, which was the correction baseline. To ascertain the sensitivity of elevation accuracy to the number of reference points used, we computed the average elevation error using varying numbers of reference points: 3, 10, 25, 50, 100, and 250. The purpose of this test was to determine the minimum number of reference points that would be necessary for stable vertical adjustment, in addition to understanding the spatial patterns of error across the study area. 
2.4.	Flood Model
This study employed a flood model that can represent rainfall-runoff processes of mountain slopes, inundation over land including paddies, and flood routing in the channels and rivers in steep areas developed by Takano et al. (2024) based on the framework of Yoshikawa et al. (2011). The model has accurately predicted runoff volume, inundation depth, and duration based on land use. To calculate runoff, the model classified land use within the watershed into categories such as rice paddies, urban areas, and farmlands. It effectively simulated overland runoff, submerged runoff, and backflow phenomena by incorporating relationships between inundation depth and drainage channel water levels for each land-use category. A key feature of the model was the introduction of topographically adapted cells (referred to as "cells"), which enhanced the representation of detailed topographic features and improved the accuracy of reproducing inland water inundation.
In this study, the Sangamura Catchment Area of 2.4 km2 was modeled with the numerical simulation-based flood model. RS-DTM developed from WorldView-2 dataset was used for determining the cross-section parameters of drainage channels as well as elevation of each cell in the model. Flood simulation was then conducted with the model for historical heavy rainfall events including a four-day rainfall event (a total of 576 mm) from July 27–30, 2011, during a period of heavy rainfall in Niigata Prefecture, Japan. We also carried out flood simulation using channel profiles derived from other conventional methods including GSI’s LiDAR data and a simple empirical assumption of a rectangular-shape cross-section corresponding to the catchment area based on the regime theory for stable alluvial channels for comparison. 
2.5.	Performance Measures
Terrain accuracy was assessed by comparing the elevation data of the DTMs generated from satellite imagery to the ground truth data, covering areas in the paddy field region. For the channel network, profiles were evaluated and compared between the satellite-based DTMs, GSI’s LiDAR data, and the observed data (survey-based LiDAR DTM). The statistical measures used for evaluations were tailored to address channel characteristics distinctly. For channel features, R² and RMSE were considered to assess the accuracy of the geometric surfaces. However, the primary focus of this study was on the reproducibility of channel parameters, such as bottom elevation, longitudinal and cross-sectional profiles, which were critical for accurately modeling hydrologic behavior. To evaluate the flood model’s hydrologic performance in relation to channel characteristics, the Nash-Sutcliffe Efficiency (NSE) was employed. This also included the comparison with a a rectangular-shape cross-section based on regime theory. The approach emphasized the need for accurate channel geometry while underlining the importance of correct channel parameters, since they determine runoff modes and drainage dynamics.
2.6.	Sensitivity Analyses
In this study, we employed a One-at-a-Time (OAT) sensitivity analysis method. We conducted a sensitivity analysis to evaluate how the use of different DTMs—RS-DTM, LiDAR survey DTM, and GSI-based LiDAR DTM—affected the representation of channel widths and the outcomes of the flood model. The results were depicted in a tornado diagram to illustrate the relative importance of each DTM source in influencing both channel geometry and hydrograph characteristics.  
3.	Results and Discussions
The findings underscored the importance of satellite imagery resolution in producing accurate terrain models, as seen through metrics such as R² and RMSE for topographic data, and NSE for hydrological evaluations. These results have shown that RS-DTM, derived from WorldView-2, produced an accuracy that was reliable regarding the representations of the channels and the hydrological characteristics. On the other hand, the high resolution DTMs consistently impacted the sensitivity to the hydrographic characteristics as well. 
Overall, despite the variations in performance across different analyses, the results showed that RS-DTMs provide a reliable, cost-effective alternative to traditional survey methods, especially for flood modeling in steep-slope areas, providing acceptable accuracy for representing channel bathymetry and supporting practical flood management applications. Their robustness and efficiency across a wide range of geographical regimes make them all the more useful for areas where ground-based surveys are hard or impossible to conduct.
4.	Conclusions
The overall results of this study confirmed that RS-DTMs remain viable and reliable for representing channel bathymetry in flood modeling, even in steep-slope regions, shown by the statistical indices (R2, RMSE, and NSE) and sensitivity analyses compared with survey-based data.
References 
Julzarika A (2021) The updated DTM model using ALOS PALSAR/PALSAR-2 and Sentinel-1 imageries for dynamic topography. Dissertation. Universitas Gadjah Mada.
Rau MI, Julzarika A, Yoshikawa N, Nagano T, Kimura M, Setiawan BI, Ha LT (2024) Application of topographic elevation data generated by remote sensing approaches to flood inundation analysis model. Paddy Water Environ 22, 285–299. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10333-023-00967-1
Suhadha AG, Julzarika A (2022) Dynamic Displacement using DInSAR of Sentinel-1 in Sunda Strait. Trends in Sciences, 19(13), 4623. https://doi.org/10.48048/tis.2022.4623.
Takano Y, Yoshikawa N, Nakamura T, Miyazu S, Nagano T, Tanakamaru H (2024) Development of a simple evaluation method for flood mitigation effect of agricultural-pond cluster at a watershed scale, Japanese Journal of JSCE, 80(16), 23-16185. 
Tsunefuji H, Konja A, Nakamura Y, Sayama T, Miyake S (2017) Expectation for effect of river improvement and real-time inundation forecast in hilled rural area by RRI model. Proceedings of the 2017 Annual Meeting of the Japan Society of Hydrology and Water Resources. https://doi.org/10.11520/jshwr.30.0_19.
Yoshikawa N, Miyazu S, Yasuda H, Misawa S (2011) Development of inundation analysis model for low-lying agricultural reservoir. Journal of Japan Society of Civil Engineers, Ser. B1 (Hydraulic Engineering), 67(4), I_991–I_996. https://doi.org/10.2208/jscejhe.67.I_991

Wang, L., Dai, X., Wang, G., Yinglan, A., Miao, C., Xue, B., Wang, Y., Zhu, Y. 2025. Establishment of a slope-scale innovated rainfall-runoff model by combining infiltration equation and motion wave equation for watershed flash flood risk prediction. J. Hydrol. 652, 132700. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jhydrol.2025.132700.
Chen, D., Wei, W., Chen, L., 2017. Effects of terracing practices on water erosion control in China: A meta-analysis. Earth-Sci. Rev. 173, 109–121. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.earscirev.2017.08.007.
Nohara, D., & Yamada, Y. (2022). Expectations and challenges in smart rice terrace farming systems in remote rural areas for sustainable climate-resilient society. In Abstract Book of 7th IAHR Europe Congress, Athens (pp. 367–368). IAHR Document Library.
Kumar, V., Sharma, K. V., Caloiero, T., Mehta, D. J., & Singh, K. (2023). Comprehensive Overview of Flood Modeling Approaches: A Review of Recent Advances. Hydrology, 10(7), 141. https://doi.org/10.3390/hydrology10070141
Teng, J., Jakeman, A.J., Vaze, J., Croke, B.F.W., Dutta, D., Kim, S., 2017. Flood inundation modelling: A review of methods, recent advances and uncertainty analysis. Environ. Model. Softw. 90, 201–216. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.envsoft.2017.01.006.
Apel, H., Thieken, A., Merz, B., Blöschl, G., 2006. A probabilistic modelling system for assessing flood risks. Nat. Hazards 38 (1–2), 79–100. https://doi.org/10.1007/s11069-005-8603-7
Dutta, D., Herath, S., Musiake, K., 2006. An application of a flood risk analysis system for impact analysis of a flood control plan in a river basin. Hydrol. Process. 20 (6), 1365–1384. https://doi.org/10.1002/hyp.6092
Merz, B., Kreibich, H., Schwarze, R., Thieken, A., 2010. Review article 'Assessment of economic flood damage'. Nat. Hazards Earth Syst. Sci. 10 (8), 1697–1724. https://doi.org/10.5194/nhess-10-1697-2010
Arduino, G., Reggiani, P., Todini, E., 2005. Recent advances in flood forecasting and flood risk assessment. Hydrol. Earth Syst. Sci. 9 (4), 280–284. https://doi.org/10.5194/hess-9-280-2005
Karim, F., Dutta, D., Marvanek, S., Petheram, C., Ticehurst, C., Lerata, J., Kim, S., Yang, A., 2015. Assessing the impacts of climate change and dams on floodplain inundation and wetland connectivity in the wet-dry tropics of northern Australia. J. Hydrol. 522, 80–94. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jhydrol.2014.12.005
Abbott, M.B., Bathurst, J.C., Cunge, J.A., O'Connell, P.E., Rasmussen, J., 1986. An introduction to the European Hydrological System – système Hydrologique Européen, “SHE”, 1: history and philosophy of a physically-based distributed modelling system. https://doi.org/10.1016/0022-1694(86)90114-9
Beven, K., 1989. Changing ideas in hydrology - the case of physically-based models. J. Hydrol. 105 (1–2), 157–172.  https://doi.org/10.1016/0022-1694(89)90101-7
Ikhwali, M. F., Rau, M. I., Benazir, Pawattana, C., & Yahya, H. (2022). Evaluation of Flood and Drought Events Using AR5 Climate Change Scenarios in Indonesia. Journal of the Civil Engineering Forum, 9(1), 37-46. https://doi.org/10.22146/jcef.4721
Mishra, B.K., Kobayashi, K., Murata, A., Fukui, S., Suzuki, K. 2024. Hydrologic modeling and flood-frequency analysis under climate change scenario. Model. Earth Syst. Environ. 10, 5621–5633. https://doi.org/10.1007/s40808-024-02082-4.
Barnard, P.L., Erikson, L.H., Foxgrover, A.C., Finzi Hart, J.A., Limber, P., O’Neill, A.C., van Ormondt, M., Vitousek, S., Wood, N., Hayden, M.K., Jones, J.M. 2019. Dynamic flood modeling essential to assess the coastal impacts of climate change. Sci. Rep. 9, 4309. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-40742-z.
Varra, G., İnan, Ç.A., Della Morte, R., Tartaglia, M., Fiduccia, A., Zammuto, A., Agostino, I., Cozzolino, L. 2025. Assessment of direct rainfall and flood-induced damage to land transport infrastructure using two-dimensional HEC-RAS 6.6 rain-on-grid simulations. Nat. Hazards. https://doi.org/10.1007/s11069-025-07484-w.
Anisha, A., Sahu, D.K., Sarkar, P., Mangalathu, S., Davis, R. 2023. High dimensional model representation for flood fragility analysis of highway bridge. Eng. Struct. 281, 115817. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.engstruct.2023.115817.
Rau, M.I., Hidayatulloh, M.H., Suharnoto, Y., Arif, C. 2021. Evaluation of flood modelling using online visual media: Case study of Ciliwung River at Situ Duit Bridge, Bogor City, Indonesia. IOP Conf. Ser.: Earth Environ. Sci. 622, 012041. https://doi.org/10.1088/1755-1315/622/1/012041.
Rau, M.I., Yoshikawa, N., Sato, H., Sato, Y., Takanobu, K., Kimura, M. 2025. Development and evaluation of inland flood inundation modeling using long short-term memory (LSTM). Paddy Water Environ. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10333-025-01035-6.
Nevo, S., Morin, E., Gerzi Rosenthal, A., Metzger, A., Barshai, C., Weitzner, D., Voloshin, D., Kratzert, F., Elidan, G., Dror, G., Begelman, G., Nearing, G., Shalev, G., Noga, H., Shavitt, I., Yuklea, L., Royz, M., Giladi, N., Peled Levi, N., Reich, O., Gilon, O., Maor, R., Timnat, S., Shechter, T., Anisimov, V., Gigi, Y., Levin, Y., Moshe, Z., Ben-Haim, Z., Hassidim, A., Matias, Y. 2022. Flood forecasting with machine learning models in an operational framework. Hydrol. Earth Syst. Sci. 26, 4013–4032. https://doi.org/10.5194/hess-26-4013-2022.
Kabir, S., Patidar, S., Pender, G. 2020. A machine learning approach for forecasting and visualising flood inundation information. Proc. Inst. Civ. Eng. - Water Manag. 174(1), 27–41. https://doi.org/10.1680/jwama.20.00002.
Karim, F., Armin, M.A., Ahmedt-Aristizabal, D., Tychsen-Smith, L., Petersson, L. 2023. A review of hydrodynamic and machine learning approaches for flood inundation modeling. Water 15(3), 566. https://doi.org/10.3390/w15030566.
Ming, X., Liang, Q., Xia, X., Li, D., Fowler, H.J. 2020. Real-time flood forecasting based on a high-performance 2-D hydrodynamic model and numerical weather predictions. Water Resour. Res. 56(7), e2019WR025583. https://doi.org/10.1029/2019WR025583.
Mudashiru, R.B., Sabtu, N., Abustan, I., Balogun, W. 2021. Flood hazard mapping methods: A review. J. Hydrol. 603(Part A), 126846. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jhydrol.2021.126846.
Whitaker, A., Alila, Y., Beckers, J., Toews, D. 2003. Application of the distributed hydrology soil vegetation model to Redfish Creek, British Columbia: model evaluation using internal catchment data. Hydrol. Process. 17(2), 199–224. https://doi.org/10.1002/hyp.1119.
Neal, J.C., Odoni, N.A., Trigg, M.A., Freer, J.E., Garcia-Pintado, J., Mason, D.C., Wood, M., Bates, P.D. 2015. Efficient incorporation of channel cross-section geometry uncertainty into regional and global scale flood inundation models. Journal of Hydrology 529(1), 169-183. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jhydrol.2015.07.026.
Chang, S. Y., Ghahremani, Z., Manuel, L., Erfani, S. M. H., Shen, C., Cohen, S., et al. (2024). The geometry of flow: Advancing predictions of river geometry with multi-model machine learning. Water Resources Research, 60, e2023WR036733. https://doi.org/10.1029/2023WR036733
Knight, D. W., & Demetriou, J. D. (1983). Flood Plain and main channel flow interaction. Journal of Hydraulic Engineering, 109(8), 1073–1092. https://doi.org/10.1061/(ASCE)0733‐9429(1983)109:8(1073)
Knox, J. C. (1993). Large increases in flood magnitude in response to modest changes in climate. Nature, 361(6411), 430–432. https://doi.org/10.1038/361430a0
Magilligan, F. J. (1992). Thresholds and the spatial variability of flood power during extreme floods. Geomorphology, 5(3), 373–390. https://doi.org/10.1016/0169‐555X(92)90014‐F
Godara, N., Bruland, O., & Alfredsen, K. (2023). Simulation of flash flood peaks in a small and steep catchment using rain-on-grid technique. Journal of Flood Risk Management, 16(3), e12898. https://doi.org/10.1111/jfr3.12898
Pavlíček, M., Bruland, O. 2020. Numerical modelling of flash flood event in steep river using Telemac 2D and Sisyphe. Telemac User Conference 2019 (TUC2019), Toulouse. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3611582
Junk, W. J., P. B. Bayley, and R. E. Sparks. 1989. “The Flood Pulse Concept in River – Floodplain Systems.” In: Proceedings of the International Large River Symposium (LARS). Ontario: Canada Department of Fisheries and Oceans, 110–127.
Poff, N. L., J. D. Allan, M. B. Bain, et al. 1997. “The Natural Flow Regime: A Paradigm for River Conservation and Restoration.” Bioscience 47, no. 11: 769–784. https://doi.org/10.2307/1313099.
Zyl, J. J. V. (2001). The Shuttle Radar Topography Mission (SRTM): A breakthrough in remote sensing of topography. Acta Astronautica, 48(5–12), 559–565. https://doi.org/10.1016/S0094-5765(01)00020-0
Yamaguchi, Y., Kahle, A., Tsu, H., Kawakami, T., & Pniel, M. (1998). Overview of Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer (ASTER). IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing, 36(5), 1062–1071. https://doi.org/10.1109/36.700991
Kimura, H., & Ito, N. (2000). ALOS/PALSAR: The Japanese second-generation spaceborne SAR and its applications. Proceedings of SPIE, 4152, Microwave Remote Sensing of the Atmosphere and Environment II. https://doi.org/10.1117/12.410588
Geospatial Information Authority of Japan (GSI) (2020) The latest DEM data (5-meter mesh) [Data set of Kameda, Niitsu, and Shirone]. Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism. https://fgd.gsi.go.jp/download/menu.php.

Lefsky, M. A., Cohen, W. B., Parker, G. G., & Harding, D. J. (2002). Lidar remote sensing for ecosystem studies: Lidar, an emerging remote sensing technology that directly measures the three-dimensional distribution of plant canopies, can accurately estimate vegetation structural attributes and should be of particular interest to forest, landscape, and global ecologists. Journal of BioScience, 52(1), 19–30. https://doi.org/10.1641/0006-3568(2002)052[0019:LRSFES]2.0.CO;2
Rucci, A., Ferretti, A., Monti Guarnieri, A., Rocca, F. (2012) Sentinel 1 SAR interferometry applications: The outlook for sub millimeter measurements. Remote Sensing of Environment, 120, 156–163. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.rse.2011.09.030.
Julzarika, A., & Harintaka, H. (2019) Utilization of Sentinel satellite for vertical deformation monitoring in Semangko Fault-Indonesia. In The 40th Asian Conference on Remote Sensing (ACRS 2019) (pp. 1–7). Retrieved from https://a-a-r-s.org/proceeding/ACRS2019/WeA2-3.pdf.
Zebker, H. A., & Goldstein, R. M. (1986). Topographic mapping from interferometric synthetic aperture radar observations. Journal of Geophysical Research, 91(B5), 4993–4999. https://doi.org/10.1029/JB091iB05p04993
Massonnet, D., & Feigl, K. L. (1998). Radar interferometry and its application to changes in the Earth's surface. Reviews of Geophysics, 36(4), 441–500. https://doi.org/10.1029/97RG03139


